com/example/myapplication/adapter/DanhGiaAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.DanhGiaAdapter
com/example/myapplication/adapter/adapterthongtin.java
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterthongtin
com/example/myapplication/adapter/adapterTintuc.java
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintuc
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintuc$1
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintuc$2
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintuc$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/DanhGia.java
 com.example.myapplication.DanhGia
 com.example.myapplication.DanhGia$1
 com.example.myapplication.DanhGia$2
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/model/Tin.java
 com.example.myapplication.model.Tin
com/example/myapplication/thongtinappFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.thongtinappFragment
com/example/myapplication/model/TaiKhoan.java
 com.example.myapplication.model.TaiKhoan
com/example/myapplication/adapter/adapterchuyenmuc.java
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterchuyenmuc
com/example/myapplication/adapter/adapterTintucV2.java
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucV2
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucV2$1
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucV2$2
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucV2$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/model/main/MainWait.java
 com.example.myapplication.model.main.MainWait
 com.example.myapplication.model.main.MainWait$1
com/example/myapplication/model/main/MainThongTin.java
 com.example.myapplication.model.main.MainThongTin
com/example/myapplication/AccountFragmment.java
 com.example.myapplication.AccountFragmment
com/example/myapplication/ChiaSe.java
 com.example.myapplication.ChiaSe
 com.example.myapplication.ChiaSe$1
com/example/myapplication/NoiDungTintuc.java
 com.example.myapplication.NoiDungTintuc
 com.example.myapplication.NoiDungTintuc$1
 com.example.myapplication.NoiDungTintuc$2
com/example/myapplication/adapter/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/myapplication/model/chuyenmuc.java
 com.example.myapplication.model.chuyenmuc
com/example/myapplication/model/DanhGia.java
 com.example.myapplication.model.DanhGia
com/example/myapplication/DangBai.java
 com.example.myapplication.DangBai
 com.example.myapplication.DangBai$1
com/example/myapplication/model/main/MainAdmin.java
 com.example.myapplication.model.main.MainAdmin
 com.example.myapplication.model.main.MainAdmin$1
com/example/myapplication/TatcatintucFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.TatcatintucFragment
com/example/myapplication/YeuThichFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.YeuThichFragment
 com.example.myapplication.YeuThichFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication.YeuThichFragment$2
com/example/myapplication/DangKy.java
 com.example.myapplication.DangKy
 com.example.myapplication.DangKy$1
 com.example.myapplication.DangKy$2
com/example/myapplication/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment
 com.example.myapplication.HomeFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/MainTimKiem.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainTimKiem
 com.example.myapplication.MainTimKiem$1
com/example/myapplication/MainXemDanhGia.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainXemDanhGia
com/example/myapplication/adapter/adapterTintucYeuThich.java
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucYeuThich
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucYeuThich$1
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucYeuThich$2
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucYeuThich$3
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucYeuThich$4
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterTintucYeuThich$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/database/database.java
 com.example.myapplication.database.database
com/example/myapplication/DangNhap.java
 com.example.myapplication.DangNhap
 com.example.myapplication.DangNhap$1
 com.example.myapplication.DangNhap$2
com/example/myapplication/CapNhat.java
 com.example.myapplication.CapNhat
 com.example.myapplication.CapNhat$1
com/example/myapplication/adapter/adapterDangBai.java
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterDangBai
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterDangBai$1
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterDangBai$2
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterDangBai$3
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterDangBai$4
 com.example.myapplication.adapter.adapterDangBai$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/DangBaiFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.DangBaiFragment
 com.example.myapplication.DangBaiFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$2$1
